Improve hud accessibility for screen reader users (#1065)
zaproxy/zap-hud: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> #### Added
> 
> - Added accessibility fixes for rapid navigation between panels. 
> - added semantic roles and better labeling for screen reader users
> 
> #### Changed
> 
> - Bumped ZAP version in build.gradle.kts to v2.11.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- Added accessibility fixes for rapid navigation between panels. 
- Added semantic roles and better labelling for screen reader users.
### Changed
- Update minimum ZAP version to 2.11.1.
```

## [Unreleased]

> 
> - Added accessibility fixes for rapid navigation between panels. 
> - added semantic roles and better labeling for screen reader users
> - Bumped ZAP version in build.gradle.kts to v2.11.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- Added accessibility fixes for rapid navigation between panels. 
- Added semantic roles and better labelling for screen reader users.

### Changed
- Update minimum ZAP version to 2.11.1.

```
